hey there everyone I've got with me my
brand new massive air cevian 22 inch
paragon ride you can't really see it
there it's in the golden ink that they
made especially for for the paragon
series with neil peart or pierce
depending on where you live and this is
absolute monster I've never seen
anything quite like it when unboxed it i
was a bit a bit afraid to be honest and
just a quick summary what it has it has
a hand hammered bell and it has a think
it looks a bit like a hammering on the
top let the tick-tock hammerin and
pinpoint Laden on the top on the bottom
same hammering but they're wide
traditional aving I was a laden pattern
that that came up with when he'll put
check out the videos on Paragon with a
saving from the sabian vault on YouTube
out for more and more details and write
for this stick i normally use aj once
but today I've got the Vic Firth Danny
Carey signature sticks I thought I'd use
a stick that really does this fair to
this ride cymbal justice it's a nylon
tip just lay in the eyes now right here
we go the 22 inch Paragon ride from
saving
and there we go that was the 22 inch
Paragon ride from sea